Yeah Roma, I have a question. You mentioned you have this one update, right? So this should be from you, right?
2 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
No, NO, I actually added that in the comment. I I didn't update them directly.
3 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
In the comments. There was a comment you added.
4 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Asking me to provide input, so I just.
5 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay, I got it. I see. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. I'm gonna do updates later today, but thank you. Yeah, sure. Okay. No one. 4 min left.
6 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Can we can start get started.
7 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay, so thank you for your join today. We're gonna talk about the V smart. Yeah, so.
8 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Oh yeah. So today we're going to talk about the EC review. The concept was to provide a clear data so the IT person when when people see the site, all the sites don't, right? They want to figure out what is going on, the traffic issue or any other issues. So we have the original, they have to go through sixties, check the events that was hundreds different events and then.
9 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
And.
10 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
The original, they come here and check the events, right? And then there's so many issues not related with the and then they have to take a look and figure it out. It usually take one or two days. So now we wanted to present a new solution to face the issues.
11 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
So with our new designs, the entry point will remain the same. User coming to the device and then choose the device and then they will go landing to the new three 60. Nothing gonna be changed. This is already on 26th.
12 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Wow. So the new page we have is on the locks, ok? On the locks, everything here because vsmart is the virtual machines. So everything's on the left hand side that was the machines device.
13 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Informations and then on the left, right hand side, we gonna use the ok when and what subject and what subject details, so they can 1 min to figure out the issues. So that was from one to two days, now it's just 1 min. Let's see how it works.
14 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
So you're calling that as OMP statistics?
15 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
But one.
16 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
No, I see. So you're calling, you said we we smart, but here you are directly taking them to OMP statistics?
17 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
These are OMP only related ones. The CPU memory is not the CPU memory. It is OMP CPU memory.
18 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Okay, what is sorry to ask, but what is OMP? V smart, it said controller, right? So ok OMP is a process on the V smart.
19 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Okay, that is responsible for distributing the routes for all the devices.
20 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Oh.
21 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Okay.
22 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Okay ok so ok so customers would know what is OMP.
23 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
And.
24 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yes.
25 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Customer like.
26 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
So in general, right, in the SD WAN solution is the overlay management protocol.
27 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
It's it's.
28 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
That's used right for every, every customer knows what OMP is. Okay. But as OMP is just a process and that's the most critical process on vsmarts that is needed for troubleshooting purposes, right? If, if you have.
29 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Issues going on in the network, right? So that's why this is kind of being bubbled up. All of this information is available within vmanage. It's just like it's scattered in different places, right? You and, and you don't get like a process level utilization, you just get like a overall CPU utilization, so this is just to show this to the user directly instead of going to different.
30 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Cases.
31 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Okay. But why are we calling it statistics?
32 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Right, because it it is a collection of different things that's the usage of process. It's also events. So we couldn't call it just events or just.
33 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
So.
34 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
And this is an overview dashboard for OMP process kind of thing then.
35 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Okay. Okay ok then but because we have ok OMP statistics. Okay, so here you are showing the OMP pass process usage ok and what is the next one EE events based on selection?
36 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yep. So maybe, maybe before that, right, let me talk about the graph as well, right?
37 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
But.
38 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
So when user come in, they will figure out, ok, when and what time is the cause of the issues. User can be able to hover over each of them, right? And then show them what's the totals omps CPU was CPU.
39 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Memories are being increased and then they will follow, ok, this 08:00, so they're gonna see click on the air clock, click here and A o'clock all the event will display in the table and then they can take a look, ok, air clock events on policy that 08:00.
40 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Is selected to the user.
41 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay, so, when user click and then the table will refresh.
42 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
No table will fresh but I don't know when whether I clicked on 08:00, so you don't have a visual indicator that I'm selecting 08:00. Usually graphs have a selection kind of thing.
43 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
So it's supposed to I think had mentioned that they have a similar thing on analytics as well like if you click on the thing, everything else becomes dark and this kind of.
44 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
We should have some indication that you selected that point, right?
45 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah, so I think Venkat mentioned it is possible I don't know if that can be done in the figma, but Venkat said that you.
46 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Do it.
47 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
One from.
48 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
So before that, right, before, like, let's talk about the 1st graph only, right? 1st, just maybe go over what those lines are, and maybe one question I had was right, these lines we have for the average, right? They would not be a straight line, right? They would also be kind of be similar to the usage, right?
49 "SJC24-2-TR25/default" (3225636864)
CPU.
50 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Yeah so.
51 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
I think it's it probably straight is average across that window, the time window we are selecting.
52 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
So it would.
53 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
This rate.
54 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Yeah, my understanding. Is that correct? Yeah, yeah.
55 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Has to be straight only like we're basically showing over that period of time what is the average usage.
56 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
The other way would be yeah.
57 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
I mean.
58 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
We can let's say we can average up to 01:00 every 10 min increments and show it there.
59 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
You know it has to match the times that you are plotting already, right? You can't do different things for different parameters, right? Like if you are.
60 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yeah, that's.
61 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Correct.
62 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
I think we can just, yeah, that's that's a good point. I had the same doubt and.
63 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Because I had assumed that this would not be a straight line. It's just for data purposes we had depicted it to be this. But if it's a straight line, then I don't think it's needed to be shown there. But if you can confirm that this would.
64 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
The.
65 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Kind of.
66 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Starting, you know, that from zero average until you know.
67 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
The.
68 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Basically, the dot.
69 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
The graph?
70 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
So e.g. the first.is at one 01:00, so basically zero to 01:00, we show that.
71 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
One.
72 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Then the second.is at two. So zero to two app.
73 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Or 122.
74 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Bridge.
75 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah, I mean I would think that's how it would be.
76 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Righty?
77 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
So.
78 "SJC24-2-TR25/default" (3225636864)
79 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Because that's how they would know that it's going beyond the average rate, so so maybe in your figma, right? The dotted lines also need to be like they will they will not be straight lines. They, they are not like.
80 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
The Guardrail feature or the threshold, right? It's not gonna be a straight line. It's gonna change every.
81 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Few.
82 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
The average, yeah.
83 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Just a solid.
84 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Talent.
85 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Is that the only colored colored? Not that.
86 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
About that.
87 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
I'm sorry I didn't.
88 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay, so let me show you here.
89 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah. No, NO NO. So it should be dotted, but what I'm saying it's not a straight line, like it would not be 60 and 40. It would be a similar line like you have the solid line, like it would go up and.
90 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay, got it. Got it got it that was up until ok yeah sure Do you think that will be too much wavy? People will be really hard to see.
91 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
I mean, it can be wavy right then.
92 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Totally I can try.
93 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
I mean it could be as wavy as the other client, right? I mean, average would be an average of the utilization if we are seeing the other one is really when this one will be really.
94 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yep. Got it.
95 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Why why do we export export at each level? So you want to export the.
96 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
So, today in in the troubleshooting pages or sorry, these monitoring pages, we have graphs on the top and then there is a table, right? When you do an export, it just exports the graph.
97 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
So it only exports the graph but not the table.
98 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yes, so the requirement is that you should be able to export everything, and I would think, when you do an export, it's showing you like if you export the table on the top, it's just showing you whatever is sorry if you export the graph on the top, it's just showing you those parameters, right? Which are there in the graph, but the export of the table can have a lot of more stuff, right? So I think it makes sense in keeping them separate.
99 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
So when we export how the CSV will feel like is like timestamp to CPU memory usage.
100 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah.
101 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
I I think so, I've not looked at it recently, so I don't remember, but if you have a vmanage, you can check it.
102 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
No, but but again that's fine with me, but see the bottom right even based on selection and graph are the same, right?
103 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
No.
104 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Why not? No, that bottom chart and the table, right? It is an aggregation of the I'm assuming that chart above the table is an aggregation of the events.
105 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yes.
106 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
So then why do we need two exports? It's a different representation of the same table, right? Unless we say export, we.
107 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Right now that one is a number of events and yeah, I think we can remove it from the middle one.
108 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Remove that from the middle one, yeah.
109 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
That export you should remove? That is a yeah.
110 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah, the other thing is I don't think the title should be exp events based on select.
111 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, NO, it should not yeah even yeah it should be not the event payroll selection, correct?
112 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
So you mean this one here?
113 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, see that is the events, right? Why we want to call it based on selection does not click anything, you'll get all the events. If the user clicks, then it's a filtered view and we are also, we just talked like said they will show that selection right parameter, then you don't need that, right?
114 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yeah, just event.
115 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah, but is it, ok.
116 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Good catch.
117 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah, but I mean just events, is that a good enough title for this?
118 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
I don't know which one would be that, yeah.
119 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
So Rahul, what will be the beta title to describe this chart?
120 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
There are events, what's the right name? That's.
121 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Okay.
122 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
You want, I don't know you are you're saying any OMP process OMP.
123 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Davids.
124 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah, but it's also control connection and policy.
125 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Incorrect.
126 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, ok.
127 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
See I guess let's keep it events for now. Yeah.
128 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay.
129 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Okay, sure.
130 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Events for now. Rahul let me know if you want me to upload.
131 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, you can remove the yeah you already made a comment for export, ok.
132 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Oh, because all of the page, not even here, if I modify here and then I'm gonna have to rememb.
133 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Got it got it NO problem yeah ok what about yeah I think actually you were saying your comments about colors.
134 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Right? Yeah, go ahead.
135 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
But I thought will this be addressable for colorblind people? Is that the.
136 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
These are all migrate approved colors, right? So I'm assuming everything there is accessibility stamp, but I think we should not have like eight different colors on this page. I I remembering you're using the secondary color palette or something right for the middle one. I think let's use the same primary one, right? We don't need to have a rainbow on this page.
137 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay, I Okay, I see. Just send color on top.
138 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah, I mean, why expose all the colors, right? The different graphs, they are not mix and match anyways, right? So it's going to be different. Narendra did.
139 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
You agreed.
140 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah, because that's the some that's the 1st thing anyone who will look at this will point out oh we have not seen these colors on vmanage looks fancy but not an enterprise product friend.
141 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
But the color will exactly same here. Blue, green, and those.
142 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
That's ok.
143 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Not the yellow. Yellow is the warning, so not starting with yellow, ok?
144 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Okay, I mean green also is kind of a status rate so you can pick the alternate palette, but yeah pick something which is the primary palette we choose at other places.
145 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay.
146 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
147 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
November how about the detail?
148 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
No I got it, so these are events, right? Okay.
149 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
And do we want the timestamp to be the 1st one or cause usually timestamps, I think the ordering is wrong, timestamps.
150 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Why yeah timestamp oh yeah correct that's a good point. Why is timestamp then?
151 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
And details and events are kind of, later, right?
152 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
No, I think maybe event is I don't know if evening site name, system IP, those should be beginning, NO, but this is with respect to event, right?
153 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, but if you.
154 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Like events are mostly based on time, right? Like time should be the.
155 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
The timestamp I agree, what about the other columns? Is that ok?
156 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
I think, I think for identification purposes, right? I think timestamp system IP and site name should be 1st. I think event and details should mostly be the last ones.
157 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
I don't know if even details is last time right then how do they know which event it is? Oh, you want because maybe the more important information is event, right?
158 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yes, let me check something.
159 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
So even today we have event name as the event time is the 1st even today, right? I think usually time is shown 1st.
160 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Yeah, I think actually event for me looks more reasonable because that is our primary cause, right? And we are showing next to what time it actually happened and followed by the details.
161 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Our anchor point is the event itself.
162 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
No, NO, that, that is I I see what you're saying, but the thing is like if the table, event table is usually like time sorted, right? If you go to other event tables in we manage, right? You always have the timest.
163 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
As the 1st thing, right? Because events can be like we don't know what logic you're following in showing the events, right? Is it just sorted on the basis of.
164 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
I don't know.
165 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah I think what actually is trying to say is that you might be interested in the latest event right then in that time. I'm also seeing we are, we are using the event time as the 1st one.
166 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
We don't need host name because this is already there.
167 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
One.
168 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
System IP.
169 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
So yeah we had these comments also last time when the host name need to be removed.
170 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
The personality is always.
171 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
The type also appear type also not required.
172 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
No, NO, that is all details, right? So did, did you share it with the Mink, like what these details would look like?
173 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Okay.
174 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
175 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Is that part of the data you we shared?
176 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
No naturally I only gave the delta.
177 "SJC24-2-TR25/default" (3225636864)
Because.
178 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Okay, so I think.
179 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
This needs to show something relevant, right? We can't just have placeholder details so let's populate this with something which is which would be like realistically seen, right? You know, what kind of details are you planning to send to be managed which it will show so like.
180 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Let's put the sum, put something realistic in here.
181 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Yeah.
182 "SJC24-2-TR25/default" (3225636864)
Okay.
183 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Here the yeah for some of them right those may not be applicable I mean like it's the same peer type. So we don't need to show that.
184 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Again.
185 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay.
186 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yes.
187 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
No, NO, not that in the in the details.
188 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yeah.
189 "SJC24-2-TR25/default" (3225636864)
Oh ok.
190 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yeah it it's too much. So can I remove this one or just peer type here.
191 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
It does not matter what you do here, right? We need to show something that the device will send to be managed and it will show here, right? Even if you say ABC here, it's not like abc's going to show up in the logs, right? We want to see what, what will actually show, right? Is it showing something relevant or is it.
192 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Sending my name in the logs, we want to see just so how it would be consumable so is that something you can share without before the exact demo on Tuesday? Because.
193 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
This needs to be sure yeah yeah I can I can.
194 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Sure ok so maybe put put something which is an actual output for all these events. So, so it's easy to understand or consume what is being shown.
195 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Demo is tomorrow.
196 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Wait for.
197 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah it's tomorrow.
198 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, I saw it tomorrow actually. I never saw this, that's why actually I don't like I want to review this. Yeah.
199 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah.
200 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Like maybe I'll give it to yeah you can give it to me so maybe see again the question will come right definitely what actually is also asking, right? One question will come is why is this table different than other table orders?
201 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Right? Because if you go to events and alarms, right, we are showing event times, host name, time stamp, all of that right? Why we want to change that? Event in audit log also I see timestamp is the 1st one.
202 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Is it called timestamp or is it called event type.
203 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
In event events it's called event time in order it's called timestamp. I think we are inconsistent there, but I think even time is better event time is might be better.
204 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Showing, I agree with you, this table is totally different with others the the sequence, ok? The sequence. We always start with a site host names.
205 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
I mean, see the events table, right? Okay. See, what I'm trying to get to is right see you are saying that, hey, we already have events. This dashboard is the.
206 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
What you are trying to make it easy for the customer to find that, right? So if you go to the top there's a left side events from there also you can do, right? If customer is already used to that, why you want to change that information here? That's what I'm trying to say. Go to NO NO yeah like like if you have a testbed, right? Can I.
207 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yeah, please. I lost. Yeah, NO problem.
208 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Okay, so I mean this is what you are telling, right? Okay, you're seeing my screen. See this we already have events, audit logs ACL logs and traffic logs, right? Here only you're going to add a of course you're not you're going to do it in the device three 60 page, not here, but.
209 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
But even if you go to device three 60 yeah yeah.
210 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Okay, where events? Yeah, if events is there right we yeah maybe we should show the same same columns.
211 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay, I'm gonna to take screenshots, but see.
212 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
I mean same order, right? That way if some of the things are not applicable at least we give a consistent ideal because I I, I mean I understand what Ramana is coming to say that, hey, these are different type of events, but is it more event time that is relevant to the customer or versus type of the event?
213 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Because everything is visible in the same screen. We are not going away. I don't know which would be I'm assuming this would be the order, but yeah, you guys can comment.
214 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah, I think we should stick to this order.
215 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay, can I share my screen? I can side by side.
216 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah.
217 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Changed.
218 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
I see my screen now, see tapping.
219 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Here.
220 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
The event that we show below corresponds to the time that user selects the board, right? In the graph.
221 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
If they're if they do Yes.
222 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
So in that case.
223 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
It can be.
224 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
In that case it even makes more sense to show time 1st, right? Because we are selecting on the basis of time.
225 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
I mean I need to ask but usually the time can be a window or a point, right? That's also important, right? If you're selecting a time interval, right? Like from 08:00 to 09:00, then would you be interested in a.
226 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Oh, but that thing is only going to be a single click, right? So it's.
227 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
It's ok. I don't know that.
228 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
What else? I think it's going to show all the events before that time.
229 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
I think.
230 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
So are we gonna do match?
231 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, do, do one thing, right? I would suggest right now said he will give you the data, right? Why don't you populate the data and then right just say you you have any space like share it there, right? Then we can review that I know it's tomorrow.
232 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
I think we are mostly done, right? So the 1st three columns would be event time.
233 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Source is not.
234 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Required.
235 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
My hostname is not required, so second one will be.
236 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Event.
237 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Right? Because this is for VM only, this is for vsmart only.
238 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Right? No, NO worri.
239 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Right? No, NO, not just all devices, right? These events are happening on, right? Or or are these all showing.
240 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
We select a particular.
241 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Smart right.
242 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
So we are actually on a particular V smart, so hostname is all common for that.
243 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Okay, then even the system IP is common then, right?
244 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Okay so for the.
245 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, then site name will also be common. Yeah.
246 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Then all of these are not needed.
247 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
No, NO NO NO. So for the control connection, when we say control connect.
248 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
So.
249 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
We are basically talking about the control connection towards a system IP. So here here in the event space, the host name is, on which we are seeing that.
250 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
But again, the system IP is the peer system IP. We don't know.
251 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Which would be.
252 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
The, which would be the.
253 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Remote system id.
254 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah. The, the other control.
255 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
No.
256 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Yeah, either controller or edge edge device.
257 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
So then the host would like, do you know all the system IPs of your devices in the network? You don't write?
258 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Then you need a host name of that, right?
259 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Right, that's what.
260 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
I was saying right system IP and host name, if we are saying system IP can be anything in the network, then the host name should be that.
261 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
As well, right? Your your peer host name should come right from like I think I don't know what we are saying is maybe if you're saying that, hey, these are the events generated from your peer.
262 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Then you should get that details, right? System IP might be technical. Yeah, you may remember, you may not remember, right? 1st name is more identified.
263 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Right? Because we also added this host name column in the control connections.
264 "SJC24-2-TR25/default" (3225636864)
The.
265 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
A section on the left as well, right? It was a customer asked when they were saying hey we don't know what these IPs are. Can you make it more simple for us? So hostname is definitely needed.
266 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay.
267 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Yeah, then yeah, then I think yeah if if yeah customer asks for a particular thing, then yeah, we should.
268 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
But it makes sens.
269 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
So now. Yeah.
270 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
I mean if in some other places they asked I mean here also they may face the same thing, right? So yeah.
271 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah, but you agree, right? System IP is not ok.
272 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Okay.
273 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Can someone help me to organize one more time so.
274 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Use the same, use the same order, right? I think that's what we are trying to say, right? Okay. Yeah, now like now once.
275 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
So 1st three would be the same and then you can have the event name or event type, right? Whatever you want to call it for the 1st column you have in the table below.
276 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, name I think name is the event name, I believe. Yeah, yeah.
277 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
I don't see even name on tops.
278 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Yeah, so there.
279 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
System IP name is the event name actually.
280 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Oh, event name here, ok.
281 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
I believe so.
282 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Beep. Okay.
283 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Can I suggest something here?
284 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
See now we are trying to change. Can we defer this until after your demo? There will be I'm sure there will be some comments or suggestions based on that we can incorporate or bring it here.
285 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Before what?
286 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Defer these changes until after the execs demo. There has there are going to be some suggestions, changes that probably needs to be done after that.
287 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
No, but I mean that those suggestions would be independent of these, right? There maybe other suggestions. They're not going to say that, use the wrong order, right? Maybe they will they will even miss it, right? So let's show them what like this is just a change in the order, right? So I don't think anyone will be the concern of fixing.
288 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Okay, what's this? It says component that who knows what's the.
289 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Component is, is actually the event name as well. We we don't need to.
290 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Check this one. Should we show this one? Is it.
291 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
So that is I think because of the gap. Don't worry for you you should get full put full full component. I don't think.
292 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
We we don't need that.
293 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
So we don't need components so on other place, right? As I said, events has everything. So in events you get all kinds of events, right? So over there components are like, is this a security event if this is a controlled, right? Over here since we are only showing these kind of events, we don't need to add that.
294 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yeah, ok. So we'll be even time host host name, system IP, event name security and detail.
295 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Severity is also.
296 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Something needed, right?
297 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
I don't know the severity is coming if it is not. Severity might be needed, you don't need severity.
298 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah which are change events, right? So I'm assuming they would all be high severities anyways.
299 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Right? Yeah. Policy change is NO severity associated.
300 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Yeah.
301 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Okay or maybe we can bring additional columns if it makes.
302 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Correct, because we have other right like.
303 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, you guys can use that route received and PS.
304 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
It's ready.
305 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yeah. So router.
306 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Here.
307 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, years.
308 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, below below, right? After the the last three.
309 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
And then.
310 "Akshay Kaul" (486854144)
Okay, I need to drop off, these were the only changes we did, right? For this feature, this is the only.
311 "SJC24-2-TR25/default" (3225636864)
Thing right?
312 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yeah, only this yes yes. Okay. So let me confirm, so router sends the routers received and peers, those three ok so remove the sign in NO NO longer needs somehow.
313 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Hey, that's it.
314 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Okay, thanks thanks Roma thanks.
315 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Sure, November I forgot, should we need severity?
316 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, I don't think so, yeah.
317 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Thank you. So Rama, please send me the data to.
318 "SJC24-2-TR25/default" (3225636864)
Yeah.
319 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Yeah, I'll send it. I'll I'll come up with it right now and I'll send.
320 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yeah, I sent the final review tomorrow for everybody.
321 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Thank you.
322 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Why we don't need site ID, site name, site ID here.
323 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Why we don't need side.
324 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Because we have to know which peer that site ID be which that peer where that's let me put it a different way. So the event that is coming from the peer to which site it belongs to that we need to know.
325 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Go ahead. I think.
326 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Yeah also where it is coming from.
327 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
We don't need site ID. I think what we maybe we need host name, system IP, site name, because site ID.
328 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
We are not there's nothing called site name, right?
329 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Right ID, Right ID only yeah.
330 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Sorry, I.
331 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
No, I think I understand there is site ID at that like but what we also said like IP as well, right? The reason we are showing host name is because customers will not remember the.
332 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Narendra one thing see this IP, even though we provide the remote system IP here, customers would do not know which site ID, site that system IP belong to.
333 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Okay you want site ID also to be shown that's what you're trying to say.
334 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Correctly.
335 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah, that is fine because see I think only one practice we did earlier is right one customer feedback is we got is right hey for me I don't care site ID, show me site name which is more meaningful, but in because this is the events, if it makes sense to show site ID, yeah, it is we can we'll definitely show site ID and site name but we are hiding by default site ID, but in this case it is events, I think we can show that's ok.
336 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
I just clarify one thing here. Does the site name here maps to your particular site.
337 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Right ID? Correct.
338 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Correct. But then in that case I.
339 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Name is good. Yeah, that's what that's it. Site name is the I mean.
340 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Username user given name for a site ID, right? So in manage we are trying to earlier we used to show site ID everywhere, but site ID is hundred, 200 500 700 or some random number like 3455, but you want to say it's a San Jose site, right? That's what.
341 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
Okay then that is that is good enough.
342 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
So we just. Okay.
343 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Alright, let me repeat. Event name, host name, system IP, site name. Yes. Okay.
344 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah. And then all these routes send peers.
345 "Mingchieh Wang" (2857342464)
Yes yes.
346 "Raghu Chereddy" (4206403072)
347 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Yeah so for the site name actually, on the V smart, we don't know. We don't have that the mapping. We we only know site ID, so maybe on vmanage there is a config that it can.
348 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Yeah when we yeah we usually we give a site name but yeah if there is NO, when we onboard a device right in the quick connect we try to give a site name. But if you think that your site ID can also be there, we try to hide site ID by default show site name. When they click the settings icon, we can bring back.
349 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Additional columns. Okay yeah but if you think, yeah, that's ok. I think if you want to keep site ID also, that's what I was trying to say, right? If it is if you think that there can be scenarios where customers can, I mean we don't, this is not mandatory but we are trying to give site name. If they use site ID only then we can show site ID also.
350 "SJC24-2-TR25/speaker_1" (3225636864_1)
Okay, sounds good guys.
351 "Ramana Polamarasetti" (2278075904)
Thank you. Okay, yeah, thank you. Bye. Bye.